Submission writeup draft - of team and project
1. Video Demo - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inmGdKf1NCI

2. File Upload - Zip all the file (source code, ppt, additional instruction docs)

3. Submitter Type - Team

4. Submitter Country of residence - India

5. Submitter phone number - +91-988xxx

6. Organization Name - Bridgei2i

7. Which region most closely fits where you live - India

8. URL where we can access your deployed software - https://crumbs.runcy.me

9. App status - New

10. List all Facebook products used to build or update your submission
Facebook Account Login, Reactjs

11. Testing Instructions for your application
For testing it locally (on a Windows OS as of now):
1. git clone https://github.com/roommen/crumbs.git
2. Go to folders 'crumbs-web-ui' and 'crumbs-middleware' individually
3. In each of those folders first run "npm install"
4. From the crumbs-web-ui folder run "npm start &"
5. From the crumbs-middleware run "node serve.js &"
6. You would now be able to access the application at http://localhost:3000

12. How does your submission help bring communities closer together?
CRUMBS lets you share and collaborate on files and data in a seamless manner with a unified interface irrespective of the underlying storage. It is provider agnostic and at the end of the day just objects of information sitting across the world. There is absolutely no barrier to entry to join an existing group for sharing files or for creating a new one as all popular storage providers will be supported that exposes an API.
In this way, communities can thrive by being in close proximity irrespective of the infrastructure or vendor.

13. Select one community bonus prize that your solution fits - Drive engaging communities

14. Explain how your submission addresses the community bonus prize theme that you selected
Almost everyone would have multiple online storage accounts like a GoogleDrive or DropBox, but the amount of space being utilized would be very miniscule as compared to the actual available size. CRUMBS helps you re-imagine storage and utilize all those unused space to make it in a more productive and engagaing manner. In this day and age, content and data is king. CRUMBS lets you share and consume content seamlessly using your existing accounts in a secure and distributed way.
It helps to build communities that would be more closely conncted, identify people that share the same taste and preferences to build a more engaging way to discover and consume data/content in a seamless manner.